# Meeting notes: Doers standup call Jan 13 2021

## Attendance

- Dudesahn
- Trach
- Facu
- Graham
- Luciano
- Klim
- Bull
- Doug
- Doggie
- Orb
- Nebula
- Lehnberg
- x48
- Santiago

## 1. Weekly Updates

### 1.1 Done

- **Buyback and Build:** several draft iterations on proposal
- **DAOs:** evaluations of options
- **Decentralized ops compensation system:** Early draft circulated for feedback
- **Visual design:** Tokens,
- **Financials:** grants, reimbursments and reports
- **GUSD incident**: fixes, reimbursements, rescue strategy, fix v1 registry
- **CVP new index:** proposal
- **Strategy audits:** several in play
- **Integrations**, several calls
- **Newsletters**, starting up again
- **Vaults v2** new v0.3.0 Released
- **Strat proposal process**, updated with feedback from several members
- **yearn-exporter**, add broken v1 registry workaround, add all v2 vaults, add underlying price and tvl calculation for both v1 and v2
- **chief-multisig-officer:** add dry run of prepared and pending transactions, uses fake on-chain signatures to get a quorum, allowing to test delegatecalls and also partially solves gas estimation.

### 1.2 Doing

- **Yearn x Gitcoin** for grants distribution
- **Multisig transition**, first draft for feedback pending
- **v2 design**, expected to be shared this week for QA and copy iterations
- **GUSD distribution** to those affected
- **Submit buyback and build** for voting as a YIP
- **V2 launch** define v2 MVP, agree on timelines, communicate
- **Our network newsletter**, discussed below
- **Vault v2**
  - process payment for audit #3
  - respond with audit #2 fixes
- **Brownie**
  - Brownie template
  - Upgrade
  - Add code verification script to strategy mix
- **Strategies**
  - Ongoing Support and Code Reviews on v2 strategies and curve v1 strategies
  - Write about what happens when a strat is deployed, process and responsibilities
- **DCA & Governance swaps**
- **pay.yearn.rocks**, inspired by CurvePay
- **chief-multisig-officer**, add documentation and release as separate library

### 1.3 To do

- **Decentralized ops** 1-pager outlining value proposition
- **Automated Dev documentation**, pending other tasks
- **Interviews**, talking to key yearn stakeholders about their vision for the future and compile notes for the team
- **v2 web**, finish stats section
- **logo exploration**, Black hole Yearn
- **yGUSD**, on vaults v2/0.3.0
- **Graph API**, review any changes, mapping for new v2 registry and publish final

### 1.4 Blocked

- **Treasury**, blocked by pending YIP
- **v1 Registry** is broken, fix in progress so DeFi Pulse show TVL correctly

## 2. Call-out topics

### 2.1 Stats for spencer noon's newsletter

- Banteg chart / overview of proposal
- Token distribution / decentralization
- Call for cool data
- Deadline: next thursday
- Review next meeting

### 2.2 DAO plan

- Motivation:
  - For improved signaling
  - In addition to voting, breaking down discussion into smaller groups
- Is current model insufficient?
- Timelock
  - For smaller groups
  - For certain actions like addition of strategies

### 2.3 Grants team status

- Gitcoin collections (dedicated Yearn page)
  - Projects: Marketing, dev, etc
  - Recurring grants:
  - One-time grants:
- Grants council determining how grants are allocated
- Automate as much as possible
- Current situation: Klim, Trach, Banteg, Daniel proposes a list, discussed in Doers, handed off to multi-sig

### 2.4 Keep3r status

- Luciano to replenish by staking LP tokens in sushi

### 2.5 Vaults

- GUSD vault in process of being sorted, disclosure to be written.
- PWC audit response being finalized
- Vault / Web v2 launch, group put together, planning next.
- V1/V2 Vault Registry: https://api.yearn.tools/tvl
- YFI vault options (5 approaches discussed)

### 2.6 Meeting notes format

- Extend previous style
- New meeting format an improvement
